Intervention manager skeleton and facemask example (#31)
CDCgov/ixa-epi-isolation: docs/infection.md

    }

    fn default_aggregator() -> Box<AggregatorFn> {
        Box::new(|interventions: &Vec<(TypeId, f64)>| -> f64 {
            let mut aggregate_effects = 1.0;

            for (_, effect) in interventions {
                aggregate_effects *= effect;
            }

            aggregate_effects
        })
    }
}
```

Finally ,we `define_data_plugin!` to use the data container with `Context`.

## Registration and computation
To connect the `InterventionContainer` to the current `Context` state, we require a trait extension that builds in functionality to register interventions and their aggregators, as well as call the aggregator to compute the total relative transmission potential change due to the modifications for a given individual.

```rust
trait ContextTransmissionModifierExt {
    fn register_intervention<T: PersonProperty + 'static + std::cmp::Eq + std::hash::Hash>(&mut self, infectious_status: InfectiousStatusType, person_property: T, instance_dict: Vec<(T::Value, f64)>);
    fn register_aggregator(&mut self, agg_functions: Vec<(InfectiousStatusType, Box<AggregatorFn>)>);
    fn compute_intervention(&mut self, person_id: PersonId) -> f64;
}
```

> To `register_intervention` for some instance of a modifier, the user must specify the `InfectiousStatus` and `PersonProperty` of interest and then provide an `instance_dict` that associates `PersonProperty` values to `float`s. These inputs are supplied to a default closure that obtains the realtive trasnmission potential modification through direct value association. We will want to abstract out this closure so that a generic function of type `InterventionFn` can be supplied instead.

Reviewer: Ok, I see below that you say that `PersonProperty` values are connected to a given float. Again, I think you need to explain what these float/efficacy/modifier values are up front.

> To `register_intervention` for some instance of a modifier, the user must specify the `InfectiousStatus` and `PersonProperty` of interest and then provide an `instance_dict` that associates `PersonProperty` values to `float`s. These inputs are supplied to a default closure that obtains the realtive trasnmission potential modification through direct value association. We will want to abstract out this closure so that a generic function of type `InterventionFn` can be supplied instead.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To `register_intervention` for some instance of a modifier, the user must specify the `InfectiousStatus` and `PersonProperty` of interest and then provide an `instance_dict` that associates `PersonProperty` values to `float`s. These inputs are supplied to a default closure that obtains the relative transmission potential modification through direct value association. We will want to abstract out this closure so that a generic function of type `InterventionFn` can be supplied instead.
```

> To `register_intervention` for some instance of a modifier, the user must specify the `InfectiousStatus` and `PersonProperty` of interest and then provide an `instance_dict` that associates `PersonProperty` values to `float`s. These inputs are supplied to a default closure that obtains the realtive trasnmission potential modification through direct value association. We will want to abstract out this closure so that a generic function of type `InterventionFn` can be supplied instead.

Reviewer: I think you should motivate _why_ the generic function is useful.

```rust
fn register_intervention<T: PersonProperty + 'static + std::cmp::Eq + std::hash::Hash>(&mut self, infectious_status: InfectiousStatusType, person_property: T, instance_dict: Vec<(T::Value, f64)>) {

    let mut instance_map = HashMap::new();
    instance_map.insert(TypeId::of::<T>(), move |context: &mut Context, person_id| -> f64 {
        let property_val = context.get_person_property(person_id, person_property);

        for item in instance_dict {
            if property_val == item.0 {
                return item.1;
            }
        }
        // Return a default 1.0 (no relative change if unregistered)
        return 1.0;
    });

    let intervention_container = self.get_data_container_mut(InterventionPlugin);

>     // mismatched types: instance_map is of type {closure} but expected {dyn Fn(...)}

Reviewer: ?

    intervention_container
    .intervention_map
    .insert(infectious_status, instance_map);

}
```

> To register the `aggregator` functions, because we only can only have as many aggregators as there are `InfectiousStatusType` values, the user provides a `Vec` of all aggregator functions desired to the register function.

Reviewer: I don't understand how the requirement that we have as many aggregators as infectious status types means we should provide a vector?

```rust
fn register_aggregator(&mut self, agg_functions: Vec<(InfectiousStatusType, Box<AggregatorFn>)>) {
    let intervention_container = self.get_data_container_mut(InterventionPlugin);

    for item in agg_functions {
        intervention_container
        .aggregator
        .insert(item.0, item.1);
    }
}
```

We already defined the default aggregator through `impl InterventionContainer` so that the user does not need to specify all or even any aggregators in order to `run_aggregator` in `compute_intervention`.

> To calculate the total relative trasnmission potential change for an individual during an infection attempt, `Context` and the `PersonId` are supplied to `compute_intervention`, which is agnostic of the `InfectiousStatus` of the `PersonId` supplied.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To calculate the total relative transmission potential change for an individual during an infection attempt, `Context` and the `PersonId` are supplied to `compute_intervention`, which is agnostic of the `InfectiousStatus` of the `PersonId` supplied.
```

Are we calculating a "change" in relative transmission potential? I also don't think the function is agnostic to the infectious status -- it just knows to query the infectious status from the person's ID.

```rust
fn compute_intervention(&mut self, person_id: PersonId) -> f64 {
    let infectious_status =self.get_person_property(person_id, InfectiousStatus);

    let mut registered_interventions: Vec<(TypeId, f64)> = Vec::new();
    let intervention_plugin = self.get_data_container(InterventionPlugin).unwrap();
    let intervention_map = intervention_plugin
        .intervention_map
        .get(&infectious_status)
        .unwrap();

    for (t, f) in intervention_map {
        registered_interventions.push((*t, f(self, person_id)));
    }

    intervention_plugin.run_aggregator(infectious_status, &registered_interventions)
}
```

> We use automatic detection of all the modifications applied to a person, which is necessary to remove multiple manual calls to query particular interventions that would otherwise be error-prone and inflexible.

Reviewer: I don't think we automatically detect the modifications applied to a person. We just iterate through all available interventions that have been registered and see if any of them are applicable to the person. If there is an intervention that hasn't been registered, we don't "automatically" detect it.

I also think the point made in this sentence is really about creating a structure that encourages model modularity.

## Querying
We provide the simple public function to query all the relative transmission modifiers for both S and I during the infection attempt

```rust

> pub fn query_modifers(context: &mut Context, transmitter_id: PersonId, contact_id: PersonId) -> f64 {

Reviewer: Same comment about this being part of the trait extension.
